4458 - Add clearable, autoselect, text-align and update ids-input (#21)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/ids-base/README.md

## Ids Resize Mixin

This mixin contains lifecycle methods for making a component detect page and element resizing.  The mixin allows a component to be registered against a global instance of ResizeObserver, which can trigger size changes throughout the UI, and fire a `refresh()` method on the component if one is defined.  The mixin also has lifecycle methods for setting up and tearing down a MutationObserver that can will fire a `refresh()` method on the component if one is defined.

## Ids Dirty Tracker Mixin

> This mixin track the input element text/value changes and show a dirty indicator icon (yellow tangle) and message indication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mixin tracks the input element text/value changes and show a dirty indicator icon (yellow triangle) to indicate the field has been modified from the starting value.
```

## Ids Clearable Mixin

> This mixin adds (x) button to input element and bind click/keys to clear the input value/text. It triggers events the `cleared` when clears the contents of the input element and `contents-checked` when checks the contents of input element for empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mixin adds a clear button (x icon) to an input element ands bind click and key events to clear the text in the input when clicked. It will trigger the `cleared` when the contents of the input element are cleared and a `contents-checked` event when the contents of input are being checked for empty.
```

## Ids Validation Mixin

> This mixin add/removes validation icon and messages to form fields. It triggers the `validated` event and pass argument validation boolean results with `isValid`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This mixin add functionality for validation to the component. This includes a add/remove message function api.  Also triggers the `validated` event when evaluated and passes an `isValid` argument for the current state.
```
